Breakout Game
Henry Taylor

1) Out of all the variants, Centipong was my favorite because it was an
advancement of the original game as it had essentially the same elements,
but was made more difficult using the moving platforms. I like its simplicity --
it doesn't try to do too much and the result is that its a good flowing, simple
game unlike some of the others. 


My game:

I want to keep it simplistic, but fun for Duke students. I want to do a Duke 
basketball spinoff -- with the end goal (if you win), the National Championship.

2) For different levels, there will be different obstacles. Level 1 is a normal level
with a normal sized movable platform (which will be a basketball court or a Duke 
jersey) with the 3 lays of blocks protecting the goal for the ACC Championship.
the second level (to get into semi finals), "Your star player has been injured, but is still playing" -- so the 
movable platform will be slower. The last level (championship)-- the opposing team has pumped up the 
balls, making it move must faster as well as a smaller platform from level 2. 

3 and 4) I want to make 3 main blocks representing different teams: UNC, Kentucky, and probably Kansas.
These all break after different number of hits. Then will be three special blocks for powerups scattered in the
main block of blocks:
	ref block: lets you get away with a double dribble: creates two balls temporarily (when
				you let the second one get by you, you lose a life)
	hot streak block: one of your players gets hot: slows the ball down for a certain amount of time
	foul: catches the ball then click to release (straight) a certain number of times -- probably 2
	
5) 1-3: goes to certain levels
	W: count it as a W! takes out the lowest level of bricks that you have remaining
	R: resent ball and paddle
	L: extra lives
	D: win it all!
	Z: instantly lose
	M: man up - get two platforms
	T: technical (catch and shoot straight on every shot)
	
6) At the end, once you have gotten past the blocks, I want to add a net that moves
back and forth across the stream. you have to make the ball in the net to win that level

 
